README.md, before:

SparkFun Qwiic OpenLog
========================================

![SparkFun Qwiic OpenLog](https://cdn.sparkfun.com/assets/parts/1/3/5/5/4/15164-SparkFun_Qwiic_OpenLog-01.jpg)

[*SparkFun Qwiic OpenLog (DEV-15164)*](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/15164)

The [Qwiic](https://www.sparkfun.com/qwiic) system makes it easy to read all sorts of sensors, but what if you want to log that data? Qwiic OpenLog is an easy to use I2C based data logger. Simply write code like:

    recordToOpenLog("The battery voltage is:");
    recordToOpenLog(batteryVoltage);

And your data will be recorded to LOG00001.TXT for later review. 

The SparkFun Qwiic OpenLog is the smarter and better looking cousin to the extremely popular [OpenLog](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/13712). We've ported the serial based interface to I2C. Now you can daisy chain lots of I2C devices and log them all without taking up your serial port.

We've written a large number of example sketches to show how to record logs, create new logs, create and navigate directories, remove files and directories, and read the contents of files. 

Qwiic OpenLog supports clock stretching which means it performs even better than the original! Qwiic OpenLog will record data up to 21,000 bytes per second at 400kHz. As the receive buffer fills up QOL will hold the clock line letting the master know that it is busy. Once QOL is finished with a task it releases the clock allowing the data to continue flowing without corruption.

Need to get freaky and have multiple data loggers on the same bus? You're in luck. Qwiic OpenLog has both a solder jumper to allow for two devices on the same bus as well as a software setting to allow for the setting of any I2C address. Don't get too freaky though; the limit is 111 devices (0x08 to 0x77) on the same bus. Any microSD card will work so with 64GB cards you'll be limited to approximately 7 Terabytes of storage :(

We will be adding more features to the firmware over time and we've made it very easy to upgrade! If you're comfortable sending a sketch to an Uno then you can upgrade the firmware on Qwiic OpenLog.

Repository Contents
-------------------

* **/Firmware/Qwiic_OpenLog** - The core sketch that runs Qwiic OpenLog
* **/Hardware** - Eagle design files (.brd, .sch)

Documentation
--------------
* **[Library](https://github.com/sparkfun/SparkFun_Qwiic_OpenLog_Arduino_Library)** - Arduino library for the Qwiic OpenLog.
* **[Hookup Guide](https://learn.sparkfun.com/tutorials/qwiic-openlog-hookup-guide)** - Basic hookup guide for the Qwiic OpenLog.
* **[SparkFun Fritzing repo](https://github.com/sparkfun/Fritzing_Parts)** - Fritzing diagrams for SparkFun products.


License Information
-------------------

This product is _**open source**_! 

Please review the LICENSE.md file for license information. 

If you have any questions or concerns on licensing, please contact techsupport@sparkfun.com.

Please use, reuse, and modify these files as you see fit. Please maintain attribution to SparkFun Electronics and release any derivative under the same license.

Distributed as-is; no warranty is given.

- Your friends at SparkFun.

Commit message:

Update to correct product
Folders and files for firmware still need to be modified.

README.md, after:

SparkFun gator:log - micro:bit Accessory Board
========================================

![SparkFun gator:log - micro:bit Accessory Board](https://cdn.sparkfun.com/assets/parts/1/3/7/4/1/15270-SparkFun_gator-log_-_micro-bit_Accessory_Board-01b.jpg)

[*SparkFun gator:log - micro:bit Accessory Board (DEV-15270)*](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/15270)

The gator:log is the perfect data logging tool for your next experiment. With the automation of the data collection process, gone are the days of rushing around with a pen and composition notebook to simultaneously record data and your observations. The gator:log allows a student(s) to focus more on what is happening in the experiment than watching a thermometer or sensor readout.

Instead of using pin connections or requiring soldering, this product provides connection pads for a more kid freindly experience with alligator clips. The design intention of this product is to be used with the [gato:bit (v2)](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/15162), and the [micro:bit development board](https://www.sparkfun.com/products/14208).

Repository Contents
-------------------

* **/Firmware/Qwiic_OpenLog** - The core sketch that runs Qwiic OpenLog
* **/Hardware** - Eagle design files (.brd, .sch)

Documentation
--------------

* **[Hookup Guide](https://learn.sparkfun.com/tutorials/sparkfun-gatorlog-hookup-guide)** - Basic hookup guide for the gator:log.
* **[gator:RTC PXT Package](https://github.com/sparkfun/pxt-gator-log)** - PXT- package for the MakeCode gator:log extension.

License Information
-------------------

This product is _**open source**_! 

Please review the LICENSE.md file for license information. 

If you have any questions or concerns on licensing, please visit the [SparkFun Forum](https://forum.sparkfun.com/index.php) and post a topic. For more general questions related to our gator boards, please visit this section of the forum: [Gator Products](https://forum.sparkfun.com/viewforum.php?f=162).

Distributed as-is; no warranty is given.

- Your friends at SparkFun.
